♪♪
THE FANS ARE THE
BEST PART OF THIS TOUR
THEY ARE THE REASON
THE SHOWS ARE INCREDIBLE
AND I KNOW THOSE FANS
OUT THERE, ARE JUST ALL IN
♪ WE'RE ALL BORED ♪
♪ WE'RE ALL SO
TIRED OF EVERYTHING ♪
♪ WE WAIT FOR ♪
♪ TRAINS THAT
JUST AREN'T COMING ♪
♪ WE SHOW OFF ♪
♪ OUR DIFFERENT
SCARLET LETTERS ♪
♪ TRUST ME MINE IS BETTER ♪
♪ WE'RE SO YOUNG ♪
♪ BUT WE'RE ON
THE ROAD TO RUIN ♪
♪ WE PLAY DUMB ♪
♪ BUT WE KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT WE'RE DOIN' ♪
♪ WE CRY TEARS ♪
♪ OF MASCARA IN THE BATHROOM ♪
♪ HONEY, LIFE IS
JUST A CLASSROOM ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'CAUSE BABY I
COULD BUILD A CASTLE ♪
♪ OUT OF ALL THE
BRICKS THEY THREW AT ME ♪
♪ AND EVERY DAY
IS LIKE A BATTLE ♪
♪ BUT EVERY NIGHT
WITH US IS LIKE A DREAM ♪
♪ BABY. WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ALONG WITH ME ♪
♪ HEARTBREAK IS
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM ♪
♪ WE SING IT PROUDLY ♪
♪ WE ARE TOO BUSY DANCING ♪
♪ TO GET KNOCKED OFF OUR FEET ♪
♪ BABY, WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ THE BEST PEOPLE
IN LIFE ARE FREE ♪
♪ WE'RE ALL HERE ♪
♪ THE LIGHTS AND
NOISE ARE BLINDING ♪
♪ WE HANG BACK ♪
♪ IT'S ALL IN THE TIMING ♪
♪ IT'S POKER ♪
♪ HE CAN'T SEE IT IN MY FACE ♪
♪ BUT I'M ABOUT
TO PLAY MY ACE ♪
♪ WE NEED LOVE ♪
♪ BUT ALL WE WANT IS DANGER ♪
♪ WE TEAM UP ♪
♪ THEN SWITCH SIDES
LIKE A RECORD CHANGER ♪
♪ THE RUMORS ♪
♪ ARE TERRIBLE AND CRUEL ♪
♪ BUT HONEY, MOST
OF THEM ARE TRUE ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'CAUSE BABY I
COULD BUILD A CASTLE ♪
♪ OUT OF ALL THE
BRICKS THEY THREW AT ME ♪
♪ AND EVERY DAY
IS LIKE A BATTLE ♪
♪ BUT EVERY NIGHT
WITH US IS LIKE A DREAM ♪
♪ BABY. WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ALONG WITH ME ♪
♪ HEARTBREAK IS
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM ♪
♪ WE SING IT PROUDLY ♪
♪ WE ARE TOO BUSY DANCING ♪
♪ TO GET KNOCKED OFF OUR FEET ♪
♪ BABY, WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ THE BEST PEOPLE
IN LIFE ARE FREE ♪
♪ SO COME ON,
COME ALONG WITH ME ♪
♪ THE BEST PEOPLE
IN LIFE ARE FREE ♪
♪ PLEASE TAKE MY HAND AND ♪
♪ PLEASE TAKE ME DANCING AND ♪
♪ PLEASE LEAVE ME
STRANDED IT'S SO ROMANTIC ♪
I DON'T WANT TO FORGET ANYTHING
THAT HAPPENED ON THIS TOUR
IT WAS ONE OF THOSE
REMARKABLE MOMENTS
IN TIME WHEN
EVERYTHING FELT EXCITING
♪ 'CAUSE BABY I
COULD BUILD A CASTLE ♪
♪ OUT OF ALL THE
BRICKS THEY THREW AT ME ♪
♪ AND EVERY DAY
IS LIKE A BATTLE ♪
♪ BUT EVERY NIGHT
WITH US IS LIKE A DREAM ♪
♪ 'CAUSE BABY I
COULD BUILD A CASTLE ♪
♪ OUT OF ALL THE
BRICKS THEY THREW AT ME ♪
♪ AND EVERY DAY
IS LIKE A BATTLE ♪
♪ BUT EVERY NIGHT
WITH US IS LIKE A DREAM ♪
♪ BABY. WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ALONG WITH ME ♪
♪ HEARTBREAK IS
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM ♪
♪ WE SING IT PROUDLY ♪
♪ WE ARE TOO BUSY DANCING ♪
♪ TO GET KNOCKED OFF OUR FEET ♪
♪ BABY, WE'RE
THE NEW ROMANTICS ♪
♪ THE BEST PEOPLE
IN LIFE ARE FREE ♪
LOOKING OUT INTO...LIKE...AN
ENDLESS OCEAN OF CROWD...
THAT WAS EVERYTHING
WE'RE ALL REALLY
SAD THAT IT IS ENDING
BUT WE'RE ALL REALLY
HAPPY BECAUSE OF WHAT IT WAS